Data Management Feature OSCR-1997 (#14)
ComcastSamples/ahp-tool: README.md

# Analytic Hierarchy Process (AHP) Tool

> To try it out, go to [https://github.comcast.com/pages/gmckin202/ahp-tool/](https://github.comcast.com/pages/gmckin202/ahp-tool/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To try it out, go to [https://comcastsamples.github.io/ahp-tool/](https://comcastsamples.github.io/ahp-tool/)
```

It is a structured technique to aid you and your teams in decision making. [Wikipedia's article on AHP](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Analytic_hierarchy_process) does an excellent job explaining it.

With the help of the [ahp node package](https://www.npmjs.com/package/ahp) and [charist.js](https://gionkunz.github.io/chartist-js/), we were able to make this AHP visualization tool a reality.

## Development

```
$ npm install

$ npm run build

> $ npm run start

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$ npm start
```
`npm start` is aliased to `npm run start`
